"
Income taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax asset and liability account
balances are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation
allowance is established when management estimates that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future pre-tax earnings, the reversal of temporary differences between book
and tax income, and the expected tax rates in future periods.
The Company is required to evaluate the tax positions taken in the course of preparing its tax returns to determine whether tax
positions are more likely than not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to
meet the “more-likely-than-not” threshold would be recorded as a tax expense in the current year. The amount recognized is subject
to estimate and management judgment with respect to the likely outcome of each uncertain tax position. The amount that is
ultimately sustained for an individual uncertain tax position or for all uncertain tax positions in the aggregate could differ
from the amount that is initially recognized. It is the Company’s practice to recognize interest and penalties related to income
tax matters in income tax expense.
For U.S. federal tax purposes, crypto asset transactions are treated on the same tax principles as property transactions. The
Company recognizes a gain or loss when crypto assets are exchanged for other property, in the amount of the difference between the
fair market value of the property received and the tax basis of the exchanged crypto assets. Receipts of crypto assets in exchange
for goods or services are included in taxable income at the fair market value on the date of receipt.
"