"
Recent accounting pronouncements
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
On October 28, 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-08, Accounting
for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (“ASU 2021-08”). ASU 2021-08 amends Accounting
Standards Codification 805 (“ASC 805”) to require acquiring entities to apply Topic 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers to
recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination. The Company early adopted the standard
on January 1, 2022. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements.
On March 31, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121 (“SAB 121”). SAB
121 sets out interpretive guidance from the staff of the SEC regarding the accounting for obligations to safeguard crypto assets
that an entity holds for its customers. Safeguarding is defined as taking actions to secure customer crypto assets and the
associated cryptographic key information and protecting them from loss, theft, or other misuse. The guidance requires an entity to
recognize a liability for the obligation to safeguard the users’ assets, and recognize an associated asset for the crypto assets
safeguarded. Both the liability and asset should be measured initially and subsequently at the fair value of the crypto assets
being safeguarded. The guidance also requires additional disclosures related to the nature and amount of crypto assets that the
entity is responsible for holding for its customers, with separate disclosure for each significant crypto asset, and the
vulnerabilities the entity has due to any concentration in such activities. The Company has adopted this guidance as of June 30,
2022 with retrospective application as of January 1, 2022. The balances as of January 1, 2022 for the customer crypto assets and
customer crypto liabilities were both $267.6 billion.
Accounting pronouncements pending adoptionOn June 30, 2022, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, Fair Value
Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (“ASU 2022-03”). ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a
contractual sale restriction prohibiting the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the
equity security and is not included in the equity security's unit of account. The standard requires specific disclosures related
to equity securities that are subject to contractual sale restrictions, including (1) the fair value of such equity securities
reflected in the balance sheet, (2) the nature and remaining duration of the corresponding restrictions, and (3) any circumstances
that could cause a lapse in the restrictions. The new standard is effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning January
1, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements."