"
Accounts and loans receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts
Accounts and loans receivables are contractual rights to receive cash or crypto assets either on demand or on fixed or
determinable dates, and are recognized as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets. Accounts and loans receivable consists of
trade finance receivables, custodial fee revenue receivable, loans receivable, crypto asset loan receivables, interest receivable,
and other receivables.
Trade finance receivables represent funds due for crypto assets delivered to credit eligible customers and are typically received
within three business days from the transaction date. Trade finance receivables enable customers to instantly invest in crypto
assets without pre-funding their trade.
Custodial fee revenue receivable represents the fee earned and receivable by the Company for providing a dedicated secure cold
storage solution to customers. The fee is based on a contractual percentage of the daily value of assets under custody and is
generally collected on a monthly basis. Such custodial fee revenue income is included in the net revenue in the consolidated
statements of operations.
Loans receivable represent cash loans made to consumers and institutions. These loans are collateralized with crypto assets held
by those users in their crypto asset wallets on the Company’s platform. Loans receivable are subsequently measured at amortized
cost.
Crypto asset loan receivables represent crypto asset loans made to institutions. These loans are collateralized with fiat, USDC,
or crypto assets held by those users in their crypto asset wallet on the Company’s platform. Crypto asset loan receivables are
initially and subsequently measured at the fair value of the underlying crypto asset lent and adjusted for expected credit losses.
The Company recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts for receivables based on expected credit losses. In determining expected
credit losses, the Company considers historical loss experience, the aging of its receivable balance, and the fair value of any
collateral held. For loans receivable and crypto asset loan receivables, the Company applies the collateral maintenance provision
practical expedient. The Company would recognize credit losses on these loans if there is a collateral shortfall and it is not
reasonably expected that the borrower will replenish such a shortfall.
"