"
Stock-based compensation
The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense using a fair-value based method for costs related to all equity awards
granted under its equity incentive plans to employees, directors and non-employees of the Company including restricted stock,
RSUs, stock options and purchase rights granted under the ESPP.
The fair value of restricted stock and RSUs is estimated based on the fair value of the Company’s common stock on the date of
grant.
The Company estimates the fair value of stock options with only service-based conditions and purchase rights under the ESPP on the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option-Pricing Model. The model requires management to make a number of assumptions,
including the fair value and expected volatility of the Company’s underlying common stock price, expected life of the option,
risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield. The fair value of the underlying stock is the fair value of the Company’s
common stock on the date of grant. The expected stock price volatility assumption for the Company’s stock is determined by using a
weighted average of the historical stock price volatility of comparable companies from a representative peer group, as sufficient
trading history for the Company’s common stock is not available. The Company uses historical exercise information and contractual
terms of options to estimate the expected term. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected life of the option is
based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon bonds with terms consistent with the expected term of the award at the time of grant. The
expected dividend yield assumption is based on the Company’s history and expectation of no dividend payouts.
Prior to the Direct Listing, the fair value of the underlying common stock was determined using the probability weighted expected
return method, with a discounted cash flow model or a market multiples method used for each expected outcome. Following the Direct
Listing, the fair value of the underlying common stock is the closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock as reported on
the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the grant date.
Stock-based compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company has elected
to account for forfeitures of awards as they occur, with previously recognized compensation reversed in the period that the awards
are forfeited.
"