"
Basis of presentation and principles of consolidation
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company are unaudited. These unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) on the
same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements, and in management’s opinion, reflect all adjustments, consisting only
of normal, recurring adjustments, that are necessary for the fair statement of the Company’s condensed consolidated financial
statements for the periods presented. The unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2022 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any other period.
These condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 25, 2022 (the “Annual Report”).
These condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company’s
subsidiaries are entities in which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting rights, or where it
exercises control. Certain subsidiaries of the Company have a basis of presentation different from GAAP. For the purposes of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the basis of presentation of such subsidiaries is converted to GAAP. All
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
There were no changes to the significant accounting policies or recent accounting pronouncements that were disclosed in Note 2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report, other
than as discussed below.
"