"
The following outlines the Company’s derivatives and the related hedge accounting designation, as applicable.

Type of DerivativeDescription of DerivativeLocation of Host Contract and Derivative on Balance Sheets
Crypto asset borrowings(1)
The Company borrowed crypto assets that resulted in the obligation to deliver a fixed amount of crypto assets in the future.
Crypto asset borrowings
Accounts and loans receivable denominated in crypto assetsAccounts receivable denominated in crypto assets: The Company provided
services for which, under the contract, the customer pays in crypto assets. The amount of crypto assets are fixed at the time of
invoicing.
Crypto asset loans receivable: The Company lends crypto assets to institutions. The amount of crypto assets are fixed at the time
of loan origination.
In both of the above cases, the right to receive fixed amounts of crypto assets consists of a receivable host contract and an
embedded forward contract to purchase crypto assets.Accounts and loans receivable, net of allowanceOther payables denominated in
crypto assetsThe Company entered into arrangements that result in the obligation to deliver a fixed amount of crypto assets in the
future.Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Crypto asset futures(1)
The Company entered into short positions on futures contracts to minimize the exposure on the change in the fair value price of
crypto assets held.
Accounts and loans receivable, net of allowance
Crypto assets pledged as collateral
The Company derecognizes the collateral that has been pledged and recognizes a right to receive a fixed amount of crypto assets
pledged as collateral if the lender has the right to use the collateral. The Company has pledged Bitcoin that serves exclusively
as collateral for fiat loans.
Prepaid expenses and other current assets

__________________
(1)     For risk management purposes, the Company applies hedge accounting using these derivative instruments in qualifying fair
value hedges to primarily hedge the fair value exposure of crypto asset prices.
"