"COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Indemnifications
In the event any registrable securities are included in a registration statement, the Company’s Amended and Restated Investors’
Rights Agreement (the “IRA”) entered into with certain of the Company’s stockholders provides indemnity to each stockholder, their
partners, members, officers, directors, and stockholders, legal counsel, and accountants; each underwriter, if any; and each
person who controls each stockholder or underwriter, against any damages incurred in connection with investigating or defending
any claim or proceeding arising as a result of such registration from which damages may result. The Company will reimburse each
such party for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred, provided that the Company will not be liable in any such case
to the extent the damages arise out of or are based upon any actions or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with
written information furnished by or on behalf of such stockholder or underwriter and stated to be specifically for use therein.
The Company also has indemnity agreements with certain officers and directors of the Company pursuant to which the Company must
indemnify the officer or director against all expenses, judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred in
connection with a third party proceeding, if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or
not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the
indemnitee’s conduct was unlawful.
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential exposure under these indemnification agreements: (i) because the facts and
circumstances involved in each claim are unique and the Company cannot predict the number or nature of claims that may be made;
(ii) due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement; and (iii) due to the requirement for a
registration of the Company’s securities before any of the indemnification obligations contemplated in the IRA become effective.
The Company has also provided indemnities or similar commitments on standard commercial terms in the ordinary course of business.
Legal and regulatory proceedings
The Company is subject to various litigation, regulatory investigations, and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of its business. The Company is also subject to regulatory oversight by numerous regulatory and other governmental
agencies. The Company reviews its lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and other legal proceedings on an ongoing basis and
provides disclosure and records loss contingencies in accordance with the loss contingencies accounting guidance. In accordance
with such guidance, the Company establishes accruals for such matters when potential losses become probable and can be reasonably
estimated. If the Company determines that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the
Company discloses the possible loss in the condensed consolidated financial statements.
In July and August 2021, three purported securities class actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of California against the Company, its directors, certain of its officers and employees, and certain venture capital and
investment firms. The complaints alleged violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act, in connection with the
registration statement and prospectus filed in connection with the Direct Listing. In November 2021, these actions were
consolidated and recaptioned as In re Coinbase Global Securities Litigation, and an amended complaint was filed. The plaintiff
seeks, among other relief, unspecified compensatory damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs. The Company disputes the claims in these
cases and is vigorously defending against them. Based on the preliminary nature of the proceedings in these cases, the outcome of
these matters remain uncertain and the Company cannot estimate the potential impact, if any, on its business or financial
statements at this time. The Company has subsequently received, and expects to receive in the future, similar shareholder claims.
In October 2021, a purported class action captioned Underwood et al. v. Coinbase Global, Inc., was filed in the U.S. District
Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company alleging claims under Sections 5, 15(a)(1) and 29(b) of the
Exchange Act and violations of certain California and Florida state statutes. On March 11, 2022, plaintiffs filed an amended
complaint adding Coinbase, Inc. and Brian Armstrong as defendants and adding causes of action. Among other relief requested, the
plaintiffs seek injunctive relief, unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees and costs. The Company and other defendants dispute the
claims in this case and intend to vigorously defend against them. Based on the preliminary nature of the proceedings in this case,
the outcome of this matter remains uncertain and the Company cannot estimate the potential impact, if any, on its business or
financial statements at this time.
In December 2021, a shareholder derivative suit captioned Shin v. Coinbase Global, Inc., was filed in New York state court against
the Company and its directors, alleging breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and
waste of corporate assets, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. The Company has subsequently received, and
expects to receive in the future, similar derivative claims. The Company disputes the claims in these cases and intends to
vigorously defend against them. Based on the preliminary nature of the proceedings in these cases, the outcome of these matters
remain uncertain and the Company cannot estimate the potential impact, if any, on its business or financial statements at this
time.
The Company’s subsidiary, Coinbase, Inc., which holds a BitLicense from the New York Department of Financial Services (“NYDFS”)
and is therefore subject to examinations and investigations by the NYDFS, is currently subject to an investigation by the NYDFS
relating to its compliance program including compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and sanctions laws, cybersecurity, and customer
support. The Company is cooperating fully and has undertaken initial remedial measures. Resolution of this matter, including as a
result of any mutually agreed upon settlement, may result in fines and additional remedial measures. At this time, the outcome of
this matter remains uncertain and the Company cannot estimate the reasonably possible range of outcomes on its business or
financial statements.
The Company has received investigative subpoenas and requests from the SEC for documents and information about certain customer
programs, operations, and existing and intended future products, including the Company’s processes for listing assets, the
classification of certain listed assets, its staking programs, and its stablecoin and yield-generating products. Based on the
ongoing nature of these matters, the outcomes remain uncertain and the Company cannot estimate the potential impact, if any, on
its business or financial statements at this time.
The Company believes the ultimate resolution of existing legal and regulatory investigation matters will not have a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. However, in light of the
uncertainties inherent in these matters, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of one or more of these matters may have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations for a particular period, and future changes in circumstances or
additional information could result in additional accruals or resolution in excess of established accruals, which could adversely
affect the Company’s results of operations, potentially materially.
Tax regulation
Current promulgated tax rules related to crypto assets are unclear and require significant judgments to be made in interpretation
of the law, including but not limited to the areas of income tax, information reporting, transaction level taxes and the
withholding of tax at source. Additional legislation or guidance may be issued by U.S. and non-U.S. governing bodies that may
differ significantly from the Company's practices or interpretation of the law, which could have unforeseen effects on the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations, and accordingly, the related impact on the Company’s financial condition
and results of operations is not estimable.
"