"SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of presentation and principles of consolidation
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company are unaudited. These unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) on the
same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements, and in management’s opinion, reflect all adjustments, consisting only
of normal, recurring adjustments, that are necessary for the fair statement of the Company’s condensed consolidated financial
statements for the periods presented. The unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2022 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or any other period.
These condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 25, 2022 (the “Annual Report”).
These condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company’s
subsidiaries are entities in which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting rights, or where it
exercises control. Certain subsidiaries of the Company have a basis of presentation different from GAAP. For the purposes of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the basis of presentation of such subsidiaries is converted to GAAP. All
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
There were no changes to the significant accounting policies or recent accounting pronouncements that were disclosed in Note 2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report, other
than as discussed below.
Reclassifications
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified in order to conform with the current period presentation. These
reclassifications have no impact on the Company’s previously reported consolidated net income.
Use of estimates
The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions in the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
Significant estimates and assumptions include the determination of the recognition, measurement, and valuation of current and
deferred income taxes; the fair value of stock-based awards issued; the useful lives of long-lived assets; the impairment of
long-lived assets; the valuation of privately-held strategic investments, including impairments; the Company’s incremental
borrowing rate; the fair value of customer crypto assets and liabilities; the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in business combinations, including contingent consideration arrangements; the fair value of derivatives and related
hedges; the fair value of long-term debt; assessing the likelihood of adverse outcomes from claims and disputes; and loss
provisions.
Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates and assumptions due to risks and uncertainties. To the extent
that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, the Company’s condensed consolidated financial
statements will be affected. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities.
Customer custodial cash and customer custodial cash liabilities
Customer custodial cash represents restricted cash and cash equivalents maintained in segregated Company bank accounts that are
held for the exclusive benefit of customers. Customer custodial cash liabilities represent cash deposits held by customers in
their fiat wallets and unsettled deposits and withdrawals. The Company restricts the use of the assets underlying the customer
custodial cash to meet regulatory requirements and classifies the assets as current based on their purpose and availability to
fulfill the Company’s direct obligation under customer custodial cash liabilities.
Certain jurisdictions where the Company operates require the Company to hold eligible liquid assets, as defined by applicable
regulatory requirements and commercial law in these jurisdictions, equal to at least 100% of the aggregate amount of all customer
custodial cash liabilities. Depending on the jurisdiction, eligible liquid assets can include cash and cash equivalents, customer
custodial cash, and in-transit customer receivables. As of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company’s eligible liquid
assets were greater than the aggregate amount of customer custodial cash liabilities.
Concentration of credit risk
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, customer custodial cash, and accounts and loans receivable are
potentially subject to concentration of credit risk. Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer custodial cash are
placed with financial institutions which are of high credit quality. The Company invests cash and cash equivalents, and customer
custodial accounts primarily in highly liquid, highly rated instruments which are uninsured. The Company may also have deposit
balances with financial institutions which exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit of $250,000. The
Company also holds cash at crypto trading venues and performs a regular assessment of these crypto trading venues as part of its
risk management process.
The Company held $368.1 million and $100.1 million of USD Coin (“USDC”) as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively. The issuer of USDC reported that, as of September 30, 2022, underlying reserves were held in cash and short-duration
U.S. Treasuries within segregated accounts for the benefit of USDC holders.
As of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had one customer and no customers, respectively, who accounted for
more than 10% of the Company’s accounts and loans receivable, net. As of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had
no payment processors or bank partners representing more than 10% of accounts and loans receivable, net.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, no customer accounted for more than 10% of total
revenue.
Derivative contracts
Derivative contracts derive their value from underlying asset prices, other inputs or a combination of these factors. Derivative
contracts are recognized as either assets or liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at fair value, with changes
in fair value recognized in other operating expense, net.
The Company enters into arrangements that result in obtaining the right to receive or obligation to deliver a fixed amount of
crypto assets in the future. These are hybrid instruments, consisting of a debt host contract that is initially measured at the
fair value of the underlying crypto assets and is subsequently carried at amortized cost, and an embedded forward feature based on
the changes in the fair value of the underlying crypto asset. The embedded forward is bifurcated from the host contract, and is
subsequently measured at fair value.
The Company also enters into foreign exchange forward contracts that act as economic hedges against the impact of changes in Euro
on the Company’s intercompany transactions. The Company records changes in fair value of the forward contracts as part of other
expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations.
Derivatives designated as hedges
The Company applies hedge accounting to certain derivatives executed for risk management purposes. To qualify for hedge
accounting, a derivative must be highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. The Company uses
fair value hedges primarily to hedge the fair value exposure of crypto asset prices. For qualifying fair value hedges, the changes
in the fair value of the derivative and the fair value of the hedged item are recognized in current-period earnings in other
operating expense, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Derivative amounts affecting earnings are
recognized in the same line item as the earnings effect of the hedged item.
Customer crypto assets and liabilities
Customer crypto assets and liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to safeguard customers’ crypto assets in digital wallets
on the Company’s platform. The Company safeguards these assets for customers and is obligated to safeguard them from loss, theft,
or other misuse. The Company recognizes customer crypto liabilities and corresponding customer crypto assets, on initial
recognition and at each reporting date, at fair value of the crypto assets. Any loss, theft, or other misuse would impact the
measurement of customer crypto assets.
Recent accounting pronouncements
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
On October 28, 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-08, Accounting
for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (“ASU 2021-08”). ASU 2021-08 amends Accounting
Standards Codification 805 (“ASC 805”) to require acquiring entities to apply Topic 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers to
recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination. The Company early adopted the standard
on January 1, 2022. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s condensed consolidated financial
statements.
On March 31, 2022, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121 (“SAB 121”). SAB 121 sets out interpretive guidance from the
staff of the SEC regarding the accounting for obligations to safeguard crypto assets that an entity holds for its customers.
Safeguarding is defined as taking actions to secure customer crypto assets and the associated cryptographic key information and
protecting them from loss, theft, or other misuse. The guidance requires an entity to recognize a liability for the obligation to
safeguard the users’ assets, and recognize an associated asset for the crypto assets safeguarded. Both the liability and asset
should be measured initially and subsequently at the fair value of the crypto assets being safeguarded. The guidance also requires
additional disclosures related to the nature and amount of crypto assets that the entity is responsible for holding for its
customers, with separate disclosure for each significant crypto asset, and the vulnerabilities the entity has due to any
concentration in such activities. The Company has adopted this guidance as of June 30, 2022 with retrospective application as of
January 1, 2022. The balances as of January 1, 2022 for the customer crypto assets and customer crypto liabilities were both
$267.6 billion.
Accounting pronouncements pending adoption
On June 30, 2022, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to
Contractual Sale Restrictions (“ASU 2022-03”). ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a contractual sale restriction prohibiting the sale of
an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the equity security and is not included in the equity
security's unit of account. The standard requires specific disclosures related to equity securities that are subject to
contractual sale restrictions, including (1) the fair value of such equity securities reflected in the balance sheet, (2) the
nature and remaining duration of the corresponding restrictions, and (3) any circumstances that could cause a lapse in the
restrictions. The new standard is effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning January 1, 2024, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements.
"