"ACQUISITIONS2022 acquisitions
Unbound Security, Inc.
On January 4, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Unbound Security, Inc. (“Unbound”) by acquiring all issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock and stock options of Unbound. Unbound is a pioneer in a number of cryptographic security
technologies, which the Company believes will play a key role in the Company’s product and security roadmap.
In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the
acquisition method. The purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date with the excess recorded as goodwill, none of which is
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce, synergies,
and the use of purchased technology to develop future products and technologies. The final allocation of purchase consideration to
assets and liabilities remains in process as the Company continues to evaluate certain balances, estimates, and assumptions during
the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). Any changes in the fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed during the measurement period may result in adjustments to goodwill. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
a measurement period adjustment associated with deferred tax assets was recorded, resulting in an increase in other non-current
assets of $4.1 million and a corresponding reduction in goodwill.
The total consideration transferred in the acquisition was $258.0 million, consisting of the following (in thousands):

Cash$151,424 Cash payable126 Class A common stock of the Company103,977 RSUs for shares of the Company’s Class A common
stock2,457 Total purchase consideration$257,984 

Included in the purchase consideration are $21.7 million in cash and 85,324 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that are
subject to an indemnity holdback. The cash and shares subject to the indemnity holdback will be released 18 months after the
closing date of the transaction.
The results of operations and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been included in the
consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The following table summarizes the preliminary fair values of
assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition (in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents$10,560 Restricted cash573 Accounts and loans receivable, net of allowance4,981 Prepaid expenses and
other current assets4,182 Lease right-of-use assets1,059 Property and equipment, net1,248 Goodwill222,732 Intangible assets,
net28,500 Other non-current assets3,476 Total assets277,311 Accounts payable719 Accrued expenses and other current
liabilities11,325 Lease liabilities1,059 Other non-current liabilities6,224 Total liabilities19,327 Net assets acquired$257,984 

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of
the date of acquisition (in thousands, except for years data):

Fair ValueUseful Life at Acquisition (in Years)Developed technology$15,700 
1 - 5
In-process research and development (\"IPR&D\")2,500 N/ACustomer relationships10,300 2

The intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives to technology and development
expenses for developed technology and general and administrative expenses for customer relationships. Amortization of the IPR&D
will be recognized in technology and development expenses once the research and development is placed into service as internally
developed software. Management applied significant judgment in determining the fair value of intangible assets, which involved the
use of estimates and assumptions with respect to development costs and profit, costs to recreate customer relationships, market
participation profit, and opportunity cost.
Total acquisition costs of $3.0 million were incurred in relation to the acquisition, which were recognized as an expense and
included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.
The impact of this acquisition was not considered significant to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the current
period presented and pro forma financial information has not been provided.
FairXchange, Inc.
On February 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of FairXchange, Inc. (“FairX”) by acquiring all issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock, stock options and warrants of FairX. FairX is a derivatives exchange which is registered with the U.S.
Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a designated contract market (“DCM”) and the Company believes it has been a key stepping
stone on the Company’s path to offer crypto derivatives to consumers and institutional customers in the United States.
In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the
acquisition method. The purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date with the excess recorded as goodwill, none of which is
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce, market
presence, synergies, and the use of purchased technology to develop future products and technologies. The final allocation of
purchase consideration to assets and liabilities remains in process as the Company continues to evaluate certain balances,
estimates, and assumptions during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). Any changes in the fair value
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed during the measurement period may result in adjustments to goodwill. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, a measurement period adjustment associated with deferred tax assets was recorded, resulting in an
increase in other non-current assets of $0.3 million and a corresponding reduction in goodwill.
The total consideration transferred in the acquisition was $275.1 million, consisting of the following (in thousands):

Cash$56,726 Cash payable10,442 Class A common stock of the Company - issued174,229 Class A common stock of the Company - to be
issued33,693 Total purchase consideration$275,090 

The aggregate purchase consideration includes 170,397 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock to be issued after the
acquisition date. The fair value of these shares on the acquisition date is included in additional paid-in capital. Additionally,
included in the purchase consideration are $4.7 million in cash and 83,035 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that are
subject to an indemnity holdback. The cash and shares subject to the indemnity holdback will be released 15 months after the
closing date of the transaction.
The results of operations and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been included in the
consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The following table summarizes the preliminary fair values of
assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition (in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents$10,867 Accounts and loans receivable, net of allowance411 Prepaid expenses and other current
assets20 Intangible assets, net41,000 Goodwill231,685 Other non-current assets8,295 Total assets292,278 Accounts
payable472 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities5,796 Other non-current liabilities10,920 Total liabilities17,188 Net
assets acquired$275,090 

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of
the date of acquisition (in thousands, except for years data):

Fair ValueUseful Life at Acquisition (in Years)DCM License$26,900 IndefiniteDeveloped technology10,700 5Trading
relationships3,400 3

The developed technology and trading relationships will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives
to technology and development expenses for developed technology and general and administrative for trading relationships. The DCM
license has an indefinite useful life and will not be amortized. Management applied significant judgment in determining the fair
value of intangible assets, which involved the use of estimates and assumptions with respect to forecasted revenues and expenses,
development costs and profit, costs to recreate trading relationships, market participation profit, and opportunity cost.
Total acquisition costs of $1.1 million were incurred related to the acquisition, which were recognized as an expense and included
in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.
The impact of this acquisition was not considered significant to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the current
period presented and pro forma financial information has not been provided.
2021 acquisitions
Bison Trails
On February 8, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Bison Trails Co. (“Bison Trails”) by acquiring all issued and
outstanding common stock and stock options of Bison Trails. Bison Trails is a platform-as-a-service company that provides a suite
of easy-to-use blockchain infrastructure products and services on multiple networks to custodians, exchanges and funds.
Prior to the acquisition, the Company held a minority ownership stake in Bison Trails, which was accounted for as a cost method
investment. In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, the acquisition was accounted for as a business combination
achieved in stages under the acquisition method. Accordingly, the cost method investment was remeasured to fair value as of the
acquisition date. The Company considered multiple factors in determining the fair value of the previously held cost method
investment, including the price negotiated with the selling shareholders and current trading multiples for comparable companies.
Based on this analysis, the Company recognized an $8.8 million gain on remeasurement, which was recorded in other expense
(income), net in the consolidated statement of operations on the acquisition date.
The purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
estimated fair values as of the acquisition date with the excess recorded as goodwill, none of which is expected to be deductible
for tax purposes. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce, market presence, synergies, and the use
of purchased technology to develop future products and technologies.
The total consideration transferred in the acquisition was $457.3 million, consisting of the following (in thousands):

Class A common stock of the Company$389,314 Previously held interest on acquisition date10,863 Cash28,726 Replacement of Bison
Trails options28,365 Total purchase consideration$457,268 

Included in the purchase consideration are 496,434 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that are subject to an indemnity
holdback. The shares subject to the indemnity holdback was released 18 months after the closing date of the transaction.
The results of operations and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been included in the
consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed using a cost-based approach (in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents$12,201 Crypto assets held5,177 Accounts and loans receivable, net of allowance2,323 Prepaid expenses and
other current assets122 Intangible assets, net39,100 Goodwill404,167 Other non-current assets1,221 Lease right-of-use
assets808 Total assets465,119 Accounts payable526 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities1,920 Lease liabilities808 Other
non-current liabilities4,597 Total liabilities7,851 Net assets acquired$457,268 

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of
the date of acquisition (in thousands, except for years data):

Fair ValueUseful Life at Acquisition (in Years)Developed technology$36,000 3IPR&D1,200 N/AUser base1,900 3

The intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives to technology and development
expenses for developed technology and general and administrative expenses for user base. Amortization of the IPR&D will be
recognized in technology and development expenses once the research and development is placed into service as internally developed
software. Management applied significant judgement in determining the fair value of intangible assets, which involved the use of
estimates and assumptions with respect to development costs and profit, costs to recreate customer relationships, market
participation profit, and opportunity cost.
Total acquisition costs of $3.7 million were incurred related to the acquisition, which were recognized as an expense and included
in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.
The impact of this acquisition was not considered significant to the Company’s consolidated financial statements and pro forma
financial information has not been provided.
Other acquisitions
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also completed five other acquisitions that were not material individually,
but were material when aggregated. In each of these acquisitions the Company acquired all issued and outstanding common stock and
stock options of the acquiree.
The total purchase consideration in each acquisition was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition dates, with the excess recorded as goodwill. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, measurement period adjustments associated with deferred tax assets were recorded, resulting in an
increase in other non-current assets of $1.9 million and a corresponding reduction in goodwill.
The aggregate total consideration transferred in these acquisitions was $211.0 million, consisting of the following (in
thousands):

Common stock of the Company - issued$65,717 Common stock of the Company - to be issued58,173 RSUs3,019 Cash62,425 Cash
payable5,918 Contingent consideration arrangement15,752 Aggregate total purchase consideration$211,004 

The aggregate purchase consideration included 160,840 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock which was issued six months
after the respective acquisition dates. The fair value of these shares on the respective acquisition dates was included in
additional paid-in capital. Additionally, 51,619 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock included in the aggregate purchase
consideration that are to be issued, are subject to an indemnity holdback. The shares subject to the indemnity holdback will be
released between 15 and 18 months after the closing date of each transaction.
Also included in the aggregate purchase consideration was the original estimated fair value of the contingent consideration
arrangement agreed to in one of the acquisitions. The contingent consideration consists of two separate tranches. The first
tranche will be settled one year after the closing date of the transaction and may result in delivery of up to 75,534 shares of
the Company’s Class A common stock if specified revenue targets are met during the first year after the closing date. The second
tranche will be settled two years after the closing date of the transaction and may result in delivery of up to another 75,534
shares of the Company’s Class A common stock, if specified revenue targets are met during the second year after the closing date.
For each tranche, the revenue targets are adjusted for changes in the combined Bitcoin and Ethereum market capitalization since
the closing date. The total number of the Company’s Class A common stock issued to settle the contingent consideration arrangement
will be adjusted downward in proportion to recognized revenues that do not meet the specified revenue targets.
In September 2022, upon resolution of the contingency and determination of the number of shares of the Company’s Class A common
stock to be issued under the first tranche of the contingent consideration arrangement, the Company reclassified the value of the
first tranche from other non-current liabilities into additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. The second
tranche of the contingent consideration arrangement is included in other non-current liabilities and is subject to subsequent
measurement at fair value with changes in fair value recognized through other expense (income), net.
The results of operations and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been included in the
consolidated financial statements from the respective dates of acquisition. The following table summarizes the aggregate estimated
fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed using a cost-based approach (in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents$8,039 Accounts and loans receivable, net of allowance57 Prepaid expenses and other current
assets276 Intangible assets, net62,100 Goodwill144,379 Total assets214,851 Accounts payable359 Accrued expenses and other current
liabilities983 Other non-current liabilities2,505 Total liabilities3,847 Net assets acquired$211,004 

The excess of aggregate purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was
recorded as goodwill of $144.4 million, of which $77.1 million is expected to be deductible for U.S. tax purposes. The goodwill
balance is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce, market presence, synergies, and the use of purchased technology to
develop future products and technologies.
The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of
the dates of acquisition (in thousands, except for years data):

Fair ValueUseful Life at Acquisition (in Years)Developed technology$45,900 2.5User base1,000 2.5IPR&D2,300 N/ACustomer
relationships12,900 4.3

The intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives to technology and development
expenses for developed technology and general and administrative expenses for customer relationships and user base. Amortization
of the IPR&D will be recognized in technology and development expenses once the research and development is placed into service as
internally developed software. Management applied significant judgement in determining the fair value of intangible assets, which
involved the use of estimates and assumptions with respect to development costs and profit, costs to recreate customer
relationships, market participation profit, and opportunity cost. These valuations incorporate significant unobservable inputs
classified as Level 3.
Total acquisition costs of $4.3 million were incurred related to these other acquisitions, which were recognized as expenses and
included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also entered into
employment agreements with key employees of the acquirees, which included stock-based compensation arrangements. In conjunction
with these agreements, the Company recognized $5.5 million of compensation expenses on the acquisition dates included in
technology and development expenses. Stock-based compensation arrangements offered to these key employees with vesting conditions
will be recognized as compensation expense in future periods. See Note 18. Stock-Based Compensation, for additional details
regarding stock-based compensation issued to employees.
The impact of these acquisitions were not considered significant to the Company’s consolidated financial statements and pro forma
financial information has not been provided.2020 acquisition
Tagomi
On July 31, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Tagomi Holdings, Inc. (“Tagomi”), by acquiring all issued and
outstanding shares of common stock and stock options of Tagomi. Tagomi is an institutional trading platform for crypto assets and
offers an end-to-end trading solution that caters to sophisticated traders and institutions. Tagomi operates an advanced trading
platform which pools liquidity from multiple venues to offer efficient pricing, algorithmic trading, a suite of prime services
(including delayed settlement and borrowing and lending of fiat currency and crypto assets), and a flexible account hierarchy and
operational processes that meet the needs of institutional clients.
The total consideration transferred in the acquisition was $41.8 million, consisting of the following (in thousands):

Common stock of the Company$30,589 Replacement of Tagomi options and warrants760 Cash1,906 Settlement of pre-existing
receivable8,537 Total purchase consideration$41,792 

The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition
(in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents$13,777 Customer custodial funds19,837 Crypto assets held5,687 Accounts and loans receivable, net of
allowance5,795 Prepaid expenses and other current assets633 Intangible assets, net7,350 Goodwill22,516 Other non-current
assets1,611 Total assets77,206 Customer custodial cash liabilities20,787 Accounts payable5,887 Accrued expenses and other current
liabilities66 Crypto asset borrowings8,674 Total liabilities35,414 Net assets acquired$41,792 

The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded
as goodwill of $22.5 million, which is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the market
presence, synergies, and the use of purchased technology to develop future products and technologies.
The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of
the date of acquisition (in thousands, except for years data):

Fair ValueUseful Life at Acquisition (in Years)Developed technology$6,600 3Customer relationships400 5Licenses350 Indefinite


The developed technology, customer relationships, and licenses represent the estimated fair value of Tagomi’s trading platform,
existing relationships with customers, and money transmitter licenses held, respectively. Total acquisition costs of $1.1 million
were incurred related to the acquisition, which were recognized as an expense and included in general and administrative expenses
in the consolidated statements of operations.
A related party of the Company was a prior equity holder of Tagomi, and as a result of the acquisition, was entitled to receive up
to 264,527 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock.
The impact of this acquisition was not considered significant to the Company’s consolidated financial statements and pro forma
financial information has not been provided.
"