"SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of presentation and principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”), and include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company’s subsidiaries are
entities in which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting rights, or where it exercises control.
Certain subsidiaries of the Company have a basis of presentation different from GAAP. For the purposes of the consolidated
financial statements, the basis of presentation of such subsidiaries is converted to GAAP. All intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Reclassifications
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified in order to conform with the current period presentation. These
reclassifications have no impact on the Company’s previously reported consolidated net income.
Changes in presentation
During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company elected to change its presentation for deposits in transit from payment processors
and financial institutions, which are related to customer transactions. Under the new presentation, these funds are included in
customer custodial funds, whereas previously they were presented within the accounts and loans receivable, net of allowance
financial statement line item. The change allows the Company to present cash and deposits in transit as customer custodial funds
held for the exclusive benefit of customers, which the Company holds to meet its obligations for customer deposits at period end.
Additionally, the Company made a change in its presentation of customer custodial cash liabilities from operating activities, to
present them as financing activities within its consolidated statements of cash flows.
Comparative amounts have been recast to conform to current period presentation. These recasts had no impact on the consolidated
statements of operations, consolidated statements of comprehensive income or consolidated statements of changes in convertible
preferred stock and stockholders' equity.
The following tables present the effects of the changes in presentation within the consolidated balance sheets and statements of
cash flows (in thousands):
As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2021
As Previously Reported
AdjustmentAs Adjusted
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Customer custodial funds$10,526,233 $91,319 $10,617,552 Accounts and loans receivable, net of
allowance396,025 (91,319)304,706 Consolidated Statements of Cash FlowsCash flows from operating activitiesAccounts and loans
receivable$(8,016)$36,527 $28,511 Deposits in transit— (36,527)(36,527)Customer custodial cash
liabilities6,691,859 (6,691,859)— Net cash provided by operating activities10,730,031 (6,691,859)4,038,172 Cash flows from
financing activitiesCustomer custodial cash liabilities$— $6,691,859 $6,691,859 Net cash provided by financing
activities3,284,225 6,691,859 9,976,084 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020
As Previously Reported
AdjustmentAs AdjustedConsolidated Statements of Cash FlowsCash flows from operating activitiesAccounts and loans
receivable$(157,156)$39,989 $(117,167)Deposits in transit— (39,989)(39,989)Customer custodial cash
liabilities2,710,522 (2,710,522)— Net cash provided by operating activities3,004,070 (2,710,522)293,548 Cash flows from financing
activitiesCustomer custodial cash liabilities$— $2,710,522 $2,710,522 Net cash provided by financing
activities18,801 2,710,522 2,729,323 

Use of estimates
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
Significant estimates and assumptions include the determination of the recognition, measurement, and valuation of current and
deferred income taxes; the fair value of stock-based awards issued; the useful lives of long-lived assets; the impairment of
long-lived assets; the valuation of privately-held strategic investments, including impairments; the Company’s incremental
borrowing rate; the fair value of customer crypto assets and liabilities; the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in business combinations, including contingent consideration arrangements; the fair value of derivatives and related
hedges; the fair value of long-term debt; assessing the likelihood of adverse outcomes from claims and disputes; and loss
provisions.
Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s estimates and assumptions due to risks and uncertainties. To the extent
that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, the Company’s consolidated financial statements
will be affected. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities.Foreign currency transactionsThe Company’s functional currency is the U.S. dollar. The Company has exposure to foreign
currency translation gains and losses arising from the Company’s net investment in foreign subsidiaries. The revenues, expenses,
and financial results of these foreign subsidiaries are recorded in their respective functional currencies. The financial
statements of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using a current rate of exchange, with gains or losses, net of
tax as applicable, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”) within the consolidated statements of
changes in convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ equity. Cumulative translation adjustments are released from AOCI and
recorded in the consolidated statements of operations when the Company disposes or loses control of a consolidated subsidiary.
Gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are recorded in other expense (income), net within the consolidated statements of
operations.
Business combinations
The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from
the date of the acquisition. Purchase accounting results in assets and liabilities of an acquired business being recorded at their
estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed is recognized as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs incurred by the Company are recognized as an expense in general and
administrative expenses within the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement.
During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, and to the extent that the value was not
previously finalized, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation
allowances are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to
collect information about facts and circumstance that existed at the date of acquisition and reevaluates these estimates and
assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill, provided that the Company is
within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets
acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations.

Fair value measurements
The Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be
received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair
value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and
significant to the fair value measurement:
•Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
assets or liabilities.
•Level 2: Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
•Level 3: Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimate of assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash and interest-bearing highly liquid investments held at financial institutions, cash on hand
that is not restricted as to withdrawal or use with an initial maturity of three months or less, and cash held in accounts at
crypto trading venues. Crypto asset and fiat wallet service trading venues include other crypto asset trading platforms that hold
money transmitter licenses, and where the Company holds funds in its accounts with those trading platforms. Cash and cash
equivalents excludes customer legal tender, which is reported separately as customer custodial funds on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Customer custodial funds and customer custodial cash liabilities below for further details.
Restricted cash
The Company has restricted cash deposits at financial institutions related to operational restricted deposits and a standby letter
of credit.
Customer custodial funds and customer custodial cash liabilities
Customer custodial funds represents restricted cash and cash equivalents maintained in segregated Company bank accounts that are
held for the exclusive benefit of customers and deposits in transit from payment processors and financial institutions. Customer
custodial cash liabilities represents the obligation to return cash deposits held by customers in their fiat wallets and unsettled
fiat deposits and withdrawals. Deposits in transit represent settlements from third-party payment processors and banks for
customer transactions. Deposits in transit are received within five business days of the transaction date. The Company establishes
withdrawal-based limits in order to mitigate potential losses by preventing customers from withdrawing the crypto asset to an
external blockchain address until the deposit settles. In certain jurisdictions, deposits in transit qualify as eligible liquid
assets to meet regulatory requirements to fulfill the Company’s direct obligations under customer custodial cash liabilities. The
Company restricts the use of the assets underlying the customer custodial funds to meet regulatory requirements and classifies the
assets as current based on their purpose and availability to fulfill the Company’s direct obligation under customer custodial cash
liabilities.
Certain jurisdictions where the Company operates require the Company to hold eligible liquid assets, as defined by applicable
regulatory requirements and commercial law in these jurisdictions, equal to at least 100% of the aggregate amount of all customer
custodial cash liabilities. Depending on the jurisdiction, eligible liquid assets can include cash and cash equivalents, customer
custodial funds, and certain other customer receivables. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company’s eligible liquid assets
were greater than the aggregate amount of customer custodial cash liabilities.
USDCUSD Coin (“USDC”) is accounted for as a financial instrument; one USDC can be redeemed for one U.S. dollar on demand from the
issuer.
Accounts and loans receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts
Accounts and loans receivables are contractual rights to receive cash or crypto assets either on demand or on fixed or
determinable dates, and are recognized as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets. Accounts and loans receivable consists of
trade finance receivables, custodial fee revenue receivable, loans receivable, crypto asset loan receivables, interest receivable,
and other receivables.
Trade finance receivables represent funds due for crypto assets delivered to credit eligible customers and are typically received
within three business days from the transaction date. Trade finance receivables enable customers to instantly invest in crypto
assets without pre-funding their trade.
Custodial fee revenue receivable represents the fee earned and receivable by the Company for providing a dedicated secure cold
storage solution to customers. The fee is based on a contractual percentage of the daily value of assets under custody and is
generally collected on a monthly basis. Such custodial fee revenue income is included in the net revenue in the consolidated
statements of operations.
Loans receivable represent cash loans made to consumers and institutions. These loans are collateralized with crypto assets held
by those users in their crypto asset wallets on the Company’s platform. Loans receivable are subsequently measured at amortized
cost.
Crypto asset loan receivables represent crypto asset loans made to institutions. These loans are collateralized with fiat, USDC,
or crypto assets held by those users in their crypto asset wallet on the Company’s platform. Crypto asset loan receivables are
initially and subsequently measured at the fair value of the underlying crypto asset lent and adjusted for expected credit losses.
The Company recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts for receivables based on expected credit losses. In determining expected
credit losses, the Company considers historical loss experience, the aging of its receivable balance, and the fair value of any
collateral held. For loans receivable and crypto asset loan receivables, the Company applies the collateral maintenance provision
practical expedient. The Company would recognize credit losses on these loans if there is a collateral shortfall and it is not
reasonably expected that the borrower will replenish such a shortfall.
Concentration of credit risk
The Company’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, customer custodial funds, and accounts and loans receivable are
potentially subject to concentration of credit risk. Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer custodial funds are
primarily placed with financial institutions which are of high credit quality. The Company invests cash and cash equivalents, and
customer custodial funds primarily in highly liquid, highly rated instruments which are uninsured. The Company may also have
corporate deposit balances with financial institutions which exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit of
$250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit
risk with respect to these accounts. The Company also holds cash at crypto trading venues and performs a regular assessment of
these crypto trading venues as part of its risk management process.
The Company held $861.1 million and $100.1 million of USDC as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The issuer of USDC
reported that, as of December 31, 2022, underlying reserves were held in cash and short-duration U.S. Treasuries within segregated
accounts for the benefit of USDC holders.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had one counterparty and no counterparties, respectively, who accounted for more
than 10% of the Company’s accounts and loans receivable, net. In January and February 2023, the Company received payments from
this counterparty which accounted for their total receivable balance.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no counterparty accounted for more than 10% of total revenue.
Crypto assets held
The crypto assets held by the Company, with no qualifying fair value hedge, are accounted for as intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, and are initially measured at cost. Crypto assets accounted for as intangible assets are subject to impairment
losses if the fair value of crypto assets decreases below the carrying value at any time during the period. The fair value is
measured using the quoted price of the crypto asset at the time its fair value is being measured in the Company’s principal
market. Impairment expense is reflected in other operating expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company
assigns costs to transactions on a first-in, first-out basis.
Crypto assets held as the hedged item in qualifying fair value hedges are initially measured at cost. Subsequent changes in fair
value attributable to the hedged risk are adjusted to the carrying amount of these crypto assets, with changes in fair value
recorded in other operating expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company recognizes crypto assets received through airdrops or forks if the crypto asset is expected to generate probable
future benefit and if the Company is able to support the trading, custody, or withdrawal of these assets. The Company records the
crypto assets received through airdrops or forks at their cost.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in lease right-of-use (“ROU”)
assets and lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying
asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of future minimum lease
payments over the lease term. Most leases do not provide an implicit rate, so the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate. The
operating lease ROU assets also include any lease payments made before commencement and exclude lease incentives.
The Company’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that those options
will be exercised. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has
made the policy election to account for short-term leases by recognizing the lease payments in profit or loss on a straight-line
basis over the lease term and not recognizing these leases on the consolidated balance sheets. Variable lease payments are
recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The Company has real estate
lease agreements with lease and non-lease components for which the Company has made the accounting policy election to account for
these agreements as a single lease component.
Property and equipment
Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method
over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term. The estimated useful lives of the Company’s
property, equipment, and software are generally as follows:

Property and EquipmentUseful LifeFurniture and fixtures
Three to five years
Computer equipment
Two to five years
Leasehold improvements
Lesser of useful life or remaining lease term
Capitalized software
One to three years


Construction-in-progress represents costs incurred on the construction of leasehold improvements that have not been completed or
placed in service as of the end of the year, and accordingly, no depreciation expense has been recorded.
Capitalized software consists of costs incurred during the application development stage of internal-use software or
implementation of a hosting arrangement that is a service contract. Capitalized costs consist of salaries and compensation costs
for employees, fees paid to third-party consultants who are directly involved in development efforts, and costs incurred for
upgrades and enhancements to add functionality of the software. Other costs that do not meet the capitalization criteria are
expensed as incurred.
Long-lived assets, including ROU assets, goodwill, and acquired intangible assets
The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets on an annual basis, or more frequently whenever circumstances
indicate a long-lived asset may be impaired. When indicators of impairment exist, the Company estimates future undiscounted cash
flows attributable to such assets. In the event future undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount of the assets,
the asset would be considered impaired. The impairment loss is measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount and
the fair value of the assets.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a
business combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis (October 1 for the Company)
and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a
reporting unit below its carrying value. For the periods presented, the Company did not have any goodwill impairment charges.
Acquired intangible assets with a definite useful life are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis.
Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful life of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in
circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Intangible assets assessed as having indefinite lives
are not amortized, but are assessed for indicators that the useful life is no longer indefinite or for indicators of impairment
each period.
Investments
The Company holds the following categories of investments, which are included in other non-current assets on the consolidated
balance sheets.
Equity method investments
The Company holds equity investments in privately held companies. The Company applies the equity method of accounting for
investments in other entities when it holds between 20% and 50% of the common stock or in-substance common stock in the entity, or
when it exercises significant influence over the entity. Under the equity method, the Company’s share of each entity’s profit or
loss is reflected in other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations.
Strategic investments
The Company’s strategic investments primarily include investments in equity instruments where the Company (1) holds less than 20%
ownership in the entity, and (2) does not exercise significant influence. These investments are recorded at cost and adjusted for
observable transactions for same or similar investments of the same issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative) or
impairment.
Crypto asset borrowings
The Company borrows crypto assets from third parties on an unsecured basis. Such crypto assets borrowed by the Company are
reported in crypto assets held on the consolidated balance sheets.
The borrowings are accounted for as hybrid instruments, with a liability host contract that contains an embedded derivative based
on the changes in the fair value of the underlying crypto asset. The host contract is not accounted for as a debt instrument
because it is not a financial liability, is carried at the fair value of the assets acquired and reported in crypto asset
borrowings on the consolidated balance sheets. The embedded derivative is accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value
recognized in other operating expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The embedded derivatives are included in
crypto asset borrowings on the consolidated balance sheets.
The term of these borrowings can either be for a fixed term of less than one year or can be open-ended and repayable at the option
of the Company or the lender. These borrowings bear a fee payable by the Company to the lender, which is based on a percentage of
the amount borrowed and is denominated in the related crypto asset borrowed. The borrowing fee is recognized on an accrual basis
and is included in other operating expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations.
Derivative contracts
Derivative contracts derive their value from underlying asset prices, other inputs or a combination of these factors. Derivative
contracts are recognized as either assets or liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value, with changes in fair
value recognized in other operating expense, net.
The Company enters into arrangements that result in obtaining the right to receive or obligation to deliver a fixed amount of
crypto assets in the future. These are hybrid instruments, consisting of a debt host contract that is initially measured at the
fair value of the underlying crypto assets and is subsequently carried at amortized cost, and an embedded forward feature based on
the changes in the fair value of the underlying crypto asset. The embedded forward is bifurcated from the host contract, and is
subsequently measured at fair value.
The Company also enters into foreign exchange forward contracts that act as economic hedges against the impact of changes in Euro
on the Company’s intercompany transactions. The Company records changes in fair value of the forward contracts as part of other
expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations.
Derivatives designated as hedges
The Company applies hedge accounting to certain derivatives executed for risk management purposes. To qualify for hedge
accounting, a derivative must be highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. The Company uses
fair value hedges primarily to hedge the fair value exposure of crypto asset prices. For qualifying fair value hedges, the changes
in the fair value of the derivative and the fair value of the hedged item are recognized in current-period earnings in other
operating expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Derivative amounts affecting earnings are recognized in the
same line item as the earnings effect of the hedged item.
Customer crypto assets and liabilities
Customer crypto assets and liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to safeguard customers’ crypto assets in digital wallets
on the Company’s platform. The Company safeguards these assets for customers and is obligated to safeguard them from loss, theft,
or other misuse. The Company recognizes customer crypto liabilities and corresponding customer crypto assets, on initial
recognition and at each reporting date, at fair value of the crypto assets. Any loss, theft, or other misuse would impact the
measurement of customer crypto assets.
Revenue recognition
See Note 5. Revenue, for information on the Company’s accounting policies for revenue recognition.
Contract acquisition costs
The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense
when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that would otherwise have been recognized is one year or less.
Transaction expense
Transaction expense includes costs incurred to operate the Company’s platform, process crypto asset trades, and perform wallet
services. These costs include account verification fees, miner fees to process transactions on blockchain networks, fees paid to
payment processors and other financial institutions for customer transaction activity, and crypto asset losses due to transaction
reversals. Transaction expense also includes rewards paid to users for staking activities conducted by the Company. Fixed-fee
costs are expensed over the term of the contract and transaction-level costs are expensed as incurred.
Technology and development
Technology and development expenses include personnel-related expenses incurred in operating, maintaining, and enhancing the
Company’s platform. These costs also include website hosting, infrastructure expenses, costs incurred in developing new products
and services and the amortization of acquired developed technology.
Sales and marketing
Sales and marketing expenses primarily include costs related to customer acquisition, advertising and marketing programs, and
personnel-related expenses. Sales and marketing costs are expensed as incurred.
General and administrative
General and administrative expenses include personnel-related expenses incurred to support the Company’s business, including
legal, finance, compliance, human resources, customer support, executive, and other support operations. These costs also include
software subscriptions for support services, facilities and equipment costs, depreciation, amortization of acquired customer
relationship intangible assets, gains and losses on disposal of fixed assets, legal reserves and settlements, and other general
overhead. General and administrative costs are expensed as incurred.
Other operating expense, net
Other operating expense, net includes the cost of the Company’s crypto assets used to fulfill customer accommodation transactions.
Periodically, as an accommodation to customers, the Company may fulfill customer transactions using its own crypto assets. The
Company has custody and control of the crypto assets prior to the sale to the customer. Accordingly, the Company records the total
value of the sale in other revenue and the cost of the crypto asset in other operating expense, net.
Other operating expense, net also includes impairment and realized gains on the sale of crypto assets, realized gains and losses
resulting from the settlement of derivative instruments, and fair value gains and losses related to derivatives and derivatives
designated in qualifying fair value hedge accounting relationships.
Stock-based compensation
The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense using a fair-value based method for costs related to all equity awards
granted under its equity incentive plans to employees, directors and non-employees of the Company including restricted stock,
RSUs, stock options and purchase rights granted under the ESPP.
The fair value of restricted stock and RSUs is estimated based on the fair value of the Company’s common stock on the date of
grant.
The Company estimates the fair value of stock options with only service-based conditions and purchase rights under the ESPP on the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option-Pricing Model. The model requires management to make a number of assumptions,
including the fair value and expected volatility of the Company’s underlying common stock price, expected life of the option,
risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield. The fair value of the underlying stock is the fair value of the Company’s
common stock on the date of grant. The expected stock price volatility assumption for the Company’s stock is determined by using a
weighted average of the historical stock price volatility of comparable companies from a representative peer group, as sufficient
trading history for the Company’s common stock is not available. The Company uses historical exercise information and contractual
terms of options to estimate the expected term. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected life of the option is
based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon bonds with terms consistent with the expected term of the award at the time of grant. The
expected dividend yield assumption is based on the Company’s history and expectation of no dividend payouts.
Prior to the Direct Listing, the fair value of the underlying common stock was determined using the probability weighted expected
return method, with a discounted cash flow model or a market multiples method used for each expected outcome. Following the Direct
Listing, the fair value of the underlying common stock is the closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock as reported on
the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the grant date.
Stock-based compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company has elected
to account for forfeitures of awards as they occur, with previously recognized compensation reversed in the period that the awards
are forfeited.
Income taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax asset and liability account
balances are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation
allowance is established when management estimates that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future pre-tax earnings, the reversal of temporary differences between book
and tax income, and the expected tax rates in future periods.
The Company is required to evaluate the tax positions taken in the course of preparing its tax returns to determine whether tax
positions are more likely than not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to
meet the “more-likely-than-not” threshold would be recorded as a tax expense in the current year. The amount recognized is subject
to estimate and management judgment with respect to the likely outcome of each uncertain tax position. The amount that is
ultimately sustained for an individual uncertain tax position or for all uncertain tax positions in the aggregate could differ
from the amount that is initially recognized. It is the Company’s practice to recognize interest and penalties related to income
tax matters in income tax expense.
For U.S. federal tax purposes, crypto asset transactions are treated on the same tax principles as property transactions. The
Company recognizes a gain or loss when crypto assets are exchanged for other property, in the amount of the difference between the
fair market value of the property received and the tax basis of the exchanged crypto assets. Receipts of crypto assets in exchange
for goods or services are included in taxable income at the fair market value on the date of receipt.
Net income (loss) per share
The Company computes net income (loss) per share using the two-class method required for participating securities. The two-class
method requires income available to common stockholders for the period to be allocated between common stock and participating
securities based upon their respective rights to receive dividends as if all income for the period had been distributed. The
Company’s convertible preferred stock and certain of its restricted common stock were deemed participating securities. These
participating securities do not contractually require the holders of such shares to participate in the Company’s losses.
Basic net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the
period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock
and, when dilutive, potential shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Potential shares of common stock consist of
incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options and warrants, vesting of RSUs, vesting of restricted common
stock, conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred stock and convertible notes, and settlement of contingent consideration.
Segment reporting
Operating segments are defined as components of an entity for which separate financial information is available and that is
regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (the “CODM”) in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual
segment and in assessing performance. The Company’s Chief Executive Officer is the Company’s CODM. The CODM reviews financial
information presented on a global consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and
evaluating financial performance. As such, the Company has determined that it operates as one operating segment and one reportable
segment.
Recent accounting pronouncements
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
On October 28, 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-08, Accounting
for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (“ASU 2021-08”). ASU 2021-08 amends Accounting
Standards Codification 805 (“ASC 805”) to require acquiring entities to apply Topic 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers to
recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination. The Company early adopted the standard
on January 1, 2022. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements.
On March 31, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121 (“SAB 121”). SAB
121 sets out interpretive guidance from the staff of the SEC regarding the accounting for obligations to safeguard crypto assets
that an entity holds for its customers. Safeguarding is defined as taking actions to secure customer crypto assets and the
associated cryptographic key information and protecting them from loss, theft, or other misuse. The guidance requires an entity to
recognize a liability for the obligation to safeguard the users’ assets, and recognize an associated asset for the crypto assets
safeguarded. Both the liability and asset should be measured initially and subsequently at the fair value of the crypto assets
being safeguarded. The guidance also requires additional disclosures related to the nature and amount of crypto assets that the
entity is responsible for holding for its customers, with separate disclosure for each significant crypto asset, and the
vulnerabilities the entity has due to any concentration in such activities. The Company has adopted this guidance as of June 30,
2022 with retrospective application as of January 1, 2022. The balances as of January 1, 2022 for the customer crypto assets and
customer crypto liabilities were both $267.6 billion.
Accounting pronouncements pending adoptionOn June 30, 2022, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, Fair Value
Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (“ASU 2022-03”). ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a
contractual sale restriction prohibiting the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the
equity security and is not included in the equity security's unit of account. The standard requires specific disclosures related
to equity securities that are subject to contractual sale restrictions, including (1) the fair value of such equity securities
reflected in the balance sheet, (2) the nature and remaining duration of the corresponding restrictions, and (3) any circumstances
that could cause a lapse in the restrictions. The new standard is effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning January
1, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements."